Validation: Added Unique Descriptions (#1457)
dotnet/docs-desktop: dotnet-desktop-guide/framework/winforms/controls/user-drawn-controls.md

  - "OnPaint method [Windows Forms]"
  - "user-drawn controls [Windows Forms]"
ms.assetid: 034af4b5-457f-4160-a937-22891817faa8

> description: Learn how the .NET Framework provides the functionality to create a user control or one that inherits from an existing control.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn how Windows Forms provides the functionality to create a user control or one that inherits from an existing control.
```
